hey guys welcome back I've got my new
sidekick Henry here and this is my four
month old son and he and I are going to
go over the a Tharin genesis sd70ace now
you might be thinking to yourself didn't
you do a review a while back on the 1/3
genesis st sony's yes I did and it was
quite controversial because I took the a
thorn sd70ace and I compared it to the
mth sd70ace well as everybody knows by
this point in time a Tharin had a few
problems with their first sd70 aces are
a few things that customers a few
customers weren't happy with some people
were happy but some people weren't but
now we've got more sd70ace as coming out
from a Tharin here in the next few
months and they've really stepped their
game up and addressed the issues which
to me says they listen to the customers
voice so let's go and take a look at the
aether and sd70ace in western pacific
scheme this was just released a few days
ago and this locomotive is really nice
and one of the critiques that some
customers had on the previous versions
of the sd70ace was the sound let's go
ahead and see how a thorn has addressed
you still disputed boxer judgment that
best of this can open but included
that's the guys
so the sounds overall the Galvatron the
running motor were starting up also
include now those of you that were
wondering if any other problems existed
on the iPhone like I'm not really sure
otherwise do seven years but this is a
smooth that's got the doesn't have LED
lighting but it goes home the white only
won't lights in the front
that student people up here they'll move
this folder here
typically when a thousand
another
drive
it's good and it's crawling along me and
this thing really is some good speed too
it has very smooth Drive no problems
there either the details are great they
did take off the sanding lines from the
previous sd70ace is we can put them on
we also got that cab a camera that you
can install and remove the roofs come
off on these things but overall the
detail is great all around I've got a
call
passenger special here to go
just to show you how this thing fall
oh just one
for food
absolutely smooth Drive quiet drive for
all this really great so I'll just just
wanted to update you guys that Athyn has
definitely stepped up their game and
made improvements over the previous
model and just a great great experience
at this nearly at their nasty 70s and I
look forward to these other ones and
heritage scheme coming out
another thing you may notice is already
installed a new table in the front oh
sorry
pretty happy with this new and clear
deci centi xanthine are releasing it
looks great sounds great
still a little wide on the weight aspect
but it is heavy enough there's no
problem there's a separate thing from
the previous male these ffensive good
good shape
overall great great model and it has
enough weight to pull this put in every
passenger set and it's a good model
overall great including that great job
by a firm step in their game up and
actually listening to customers anyway
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time where me and maybe I'll have my
sidekick here helping out with future
reviews I've got exactly all things to
look at Intermountain things okay and
you'll see those few coming weeks ahead
thanks for watching see you next time